#LyX 1.6.4 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 345
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\language spanish
\inputencoding auto
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\paperorientation portrait
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\defskip medskip
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\author "" 
\author "" 
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Title
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Created by Alex Fernández
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This document was created with LyX 1.6.2rc2, a great text editor.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
The First Section
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With some text.
\begin_inset Note Greyedout
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
And a greyed out note.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Another Section (Not Numbered)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
With some more text.
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
And a note which should not appear at all.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Note Comment
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Actually, two notes which should not appear.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Now we include a different document.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset include
LatexCommand include
filename "helloworld.lyx"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset index_print
LatexCommand printindex

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
